fix network policy issue for webserver and flowerui (#20199)
mistercrunch/Airflow: chart/UPDATING.rst

The default Airflow image that is used with the Chart is now ``2.2.2``, previously it was ``2.2.1``.

> Changes in webserver and  flower networkPolicy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in webserver and flower ``NetworkPolicy``
```

> Changes in webserver and flower ``NetworkPolicy``
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in webserver and flower ``NetworkPolicy`` default ports
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

> ``webserver.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` and ``flower.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` moved away from named port to port number to avoid issues with openshift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``webserver.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` and ``flower.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` moved away from named port to port number to avoid issues with OpenShift.
```

> ``webserver.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` and ``flower.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` moved away from named port to port number to avoid issues with OpenShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The defaults for ``webserver.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` and ``flower.networkPolicy.ingress.ports`` moved away from using named ports to numerical ports to avoid issues with OpenShift.
```
